---
title: Week 4
layout: post
author: liam.moss
permalink: /week-4/
source-id: 1uZLILlv0Tkd6U5-IqMbY2hAUKrKbFt92v5_0Z3Q3D5c
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze week 4</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>19/02/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>we have a good knowledge of fuze</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have learnt more about fuze</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>yes me and seven got quite far today even though we had a slow start</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Me and deven did some way more complicated stuff today. The code sentences got longer and more complex, and the fuze box was solving harder equations and problems. So naturally we made even more little mistakes like spelling errors and we started hearing each other wrong. We used the same strategy as always swapping who types and who reads out what the manual says.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>At the start of the lesson Mr.Ampah-Korsah checked all of our blogs. This took fifteen minutes and slowed us all down a little bit. We didn't get as far as we could of because of this, but it was beneficial as he gave everyone advice on how to make their blogs better. Next time this happens I need to set up the fuze box quicker.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I hope that next time Mr.Ampah-Korsah doesn't check our blogs, it will mean that we can do more work on fuze and get closer to programming a computerised arm using fuze. I will improve my learning by speeding up work and the setting up of the fuze box.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


